313 - Add ids home page (#372)
infor-design/enterprise-wc: src/components/ids-home-page/README.MD

# Ids Home Page Component

## Description

> The Home Page component will set the layout to display the cards in specific order according to available space in it's container. It take care everything as laid out in the best order and use of space it can be. To keep the responsive behavior it will readjust each card size and position on the event of resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Homepages hold combinations of widgets that are tailored to the needs of a user’s workflow. The Home Page component will set the layout to display the cards in specific order according to available space in it's container. It take care everything as laid out in the best order and use of space that is possible. To keep the responsive behavior it will readjust each card size and position on the event of resize.
```

## Use Cases

> - Use when you want organize your content in specific order.

Reviewer: - A homepage is an admin or end-user configured page made up of widgets that are relevant to the workflow of a general role or an individual. Widgets can be resized to create layouts best-suited for the data within the widget or homepage.

Author: Update now -thanks

## Terminology

- **Card**: The container to keep the content.

## Features (With Code Examples)

A normal home page used as a web component.

```html
<ids-home-page>
  <ids-card slot="card">
    <div slot="card-header">
      <ids-text>Card 1x1</ids-text>
    </div>
    <div slot="card-content"></div>
  </ids-card>
</ids-home-page>
```

A Card with three columns.

```html
<ids-home-page>
  <ids-card slot="card" colspan="3">
    <div slot="card-header">
      <ids-text>Card 3x1</ids-text>
    </div>
    <div slot="card-content"></div>
  </ids-card>
</ids-home-page>
```

A Card with double height.

```html
<ids-home-page>
  <ids-card slot="card" rowspan="2">
    <div slot="card-header">
      <ids-text>Card 1x2</ids-text>
    </div>
    <div slot="card-content"></div>
  </ids-card>
</ids-home-page>
```

> No animation with cards while change/resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No animation with cards while changing/resizing.
```
